fix: force train split for json,csv,txt for test_datasets and misc doc changes [skip-e2e] (#3226)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: docs/faq.qmd

> A: There seems to be a wheel issue with FA2 2.8.0 on CUDA 12.4. Try CUDA 12.6 instead or downgrade to FA2 2.7.4. Please refer to the upstream issue: https://github.com/Dao-AILab/flash-attention/issues/1717.

**Q: Can we mix text and text+image datasets for VLM training?**

> A: Yes, you can for newer VLM arch. The ones that would not work are LLaVA / Pixtral arch. If you notice one not working, please let us know!

**Q: Why is `memory/max_*` different from `nvidia-smi`?**

> > A: We use `torch` APIs to retrieve this information. You can see https://github.com/axolotl-ai-cloud/axolotl/blob/main/src/axolotl/utils/bench.py for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A: We use `torch` APIs to retrieve this information. You can see https://docs.pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/cuda.html#cuda-memory-management for more information.
```
